Add cosmos db steps to Azure learn page (#1986)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: learn/user-guide/deployment/azure-functions.md

Request: url=https://functions1777.azurewebsites.net/api/fromHttpToQueue method=POST query= headers=Accept=*/* Connection=Keep-Alive Content-Length=6 Content-Type=application/x-www-form-urlencoded Host=functions1777.azurewebsites.net Max-Forwards=9 User-Agent=curl/7.64.0 X-WAWS-Unencoded-URL=/api/fromHttpToQueue CLIENT-IP=10.0.128.31:47794 X-ARR-LOG-ID=c905b483-af19-4cf2-9ce0-0741e5998a98 X-SITE-DEPLOYMENT-ID=functions1777 WAS-DEFAULT-HOSTNAME=functions1777.azurewebsites.net X-Original-URL=/api/fromHttpToQueue X-Forwarded-For=45.30.94.9:47450 X-ARR-SSL=2048|256|C=US, S=Washington, L=Redmond, O=Microsoft Corporation, OU=Microsoft IT, CN=Microsoft IT TLS CA 5|CN=*.azurewebsites.net X-Forwarded-Proto=https X-AppService-Proto=https X-Forwarded-TlsVersion=1.2 DISGUISED-HOST=functions1777.azurewebsites.net params= identities=[{"AuthenticationType":null,"IsAuthenticated":false,"Actor":null,"BootstrapContext":null,"Claims":[],"Label":null,"Name":null,"NameClaimType":"http://schemas.xmlsoap.org/ws/2005/05/identity/claims/name","RoleClaimType":"http://schemas.microsoft.com/ws/2008/06/identity/claims/role"}] body=Hello!
```

> Additionally, Please note that when you are using CosmosDB you have `connectionStringSetting` field. You need to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Note:** Additionally, when you are using CosmosDB, follow the steps below to configure the connection string of the database manually via the  `connectionStringSetting` field. 
```

> manually the connection string of the database. You can do that by doing the following steps.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
manually configure the connection string of the database. You can do that by doing the following steps.
```

> manually configure the connection string of the database. You can do that by doing the following steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> 1. Go to the keys tab of Cosmos page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the **Keys** tab of the Cosmos page.
```

> 2. Copy value of the `PRIMARY CONNECTION STRING`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Copy the value of the `PRIMARY CONNECTION STRING`.
```

> 3. Go to Configuration tab of the Function App page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click the **Configuration** tab of the Function App page.
```

> 4. Select `New Application Setting` and paste the above copied data as the value. For the key use the value of the `connectionStringSetting` key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Select **New Application Setting** and paste the data you copied above mas the value. For the key, use the value of the `connectionStringSetting` key.
```

> Example Application Setting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example application setting is as follows.
```
